create single openapi spec for apim api; generate markdown docs (#690)
18F/piipan: docs/quick-start-guide-states.md

### Endpoints Overview

| Endpoint | Description | Type |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

> | `/BulkUpload` | uploads bulk participant data to the system | POST |

Reviewer: Should the suggested change be `/<state-abbr>/upload/:filename`, to match the format of the `/lookup_ids/:id` endpoint?

Also, thought: I'd love to pick folks brain on a way to make `<state-abbr>` actually the state's two-letter postal abbreviation rather than the name of the storage account resource (as it is now).

> | `/BulkUpload` | uploads bulk participant data to the system | POST |

Reviewer 2: Good catch. I hadn't realized that <state-abbr> here was actually <storage-account-name>. I've updated it here, but might need to clarify elsewhere.

You might be able to have a simple mapping function (URL rewriting) within the APIM policy? Abbr + standard pattern + dev/test/preprod/prod? Or... since every state gets their own API endpoint for uploads, you could hard-code the account name in the dynamically generated policy, right?

> | `/BulkUpload` | uploads bulk participant data to the system | POST |

Author: If the storage account name is derived from a column in the csv, then the storage name is already the postal code? Or is the csv abbreviation supposed to be different than the postal code?

| [coming soon] | query for status on data processing from a bulk upload | POST |
| `/query` | query for active matches | POST |
| `lookup_ids/:id` | Returns PII for a Lookup ID | GET |

Detailed documentation for each endpoint can be found [here](./openapi/generated/duplicate-participation-api/openapi.md).

## Authentication

> Users will obtain two API subscription keys that will be rotated on a rolling basis. Keys will be placed into request headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
States will be issued API keys that are placed into request headers to authenticate a web service call. The bulk upload API requires a separate API key from the query and lookup APIs.
```

Example using cURL:

```
curl --request PUT '<uri>' --header 'Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key: <api-key>'
```

> Different endpoints may require different sets of keys. Contact us for access to these keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
